I have revver everybody welcome to
others episode 8 of doc doc doc doc VAR
I guess Stella's vlogging League the
other way to tenten tenten I'm coming to
me and comedian drew drew Lynch this is
my my puppy steps two steps tell I
should I should probably mention I have
I have I have a stylist daughter did I
say I say that I know I said I had I had
I hit us at Stella she is a dog dog dog
and and and and I'm the I'm the I'm the
law oh why do both both words start with
start start with SS SS T so tesota subs
start start start start starts with as
in English mMmmm I am I right there's my
hat we went we went to get sushi one of
my fav favorite things in the in the
world besides weren't working out cut
comedy and Sun Sunday brunch Oh get
skits of Go Go Fish get gets Go Go Fish
get kids ago Go Go Fish wait we went to
a sushi joint or as course or as some
people may may call it if you're weird a
Jeff Jack and Japanese pub and how do
you not take a face like like that
justice to sushi for the foot for a
force that's telling us that that's me
don't jump don't judge on judge and
judge when when when we first got got
Gaga got there they the hosts goof-goof
greeted me with with with with this
yeah what up what happen we didn't know
that that that that's how you greet a
guest not half how many not what's your
name not great great bite by spies app
yeah kiss kiss my mother my mother
nothing happened
spice box mice mice spicy tuna is is is
about that bout to happen in my in my in
my in my soul which is also also a fish
and above joke nananana and then I took
forever sir sir Sir sir searching for
fur for her badge I was like good god I
mean how many how many how many pockets
do you do you have what what are these
the visits the legal Levi's of essence
what happened and then we ordered and
then I I showed I showed I showed her
her her charger I showed her the cha-cha
chopsticks what she was she was just
just so enthused about and then when I
broke broke broke them apart your eyes
here I've been a cross and cross and
cross I I love Jeff Japanese people
they're always so so so so polite
shake that Dow
why is your why is your chair turn turn
turn around buddy Self Self Self Self
conscious that's that's been our show
thank thank you thank you guys so so so
much for watching I hope you guys should
share this video because sharing this I
hope you guys subscribe and share this
this this myth's video sharing is this
to share it